Now it's about what is fundamental
move together in a flat
we are the generation already in the middle
Twenty voluntarily the creative anarchy
the men b against the bourgeoisie
has to exchange a couple live my
Father said last maybe
I have one
would you do if i am now
disturbing the trend
but I have to move in here now
ask why you at this late hour
maybe I would have been organizing then
just have to stand firm
but maybe it would be fine for us
it is better for you as you are through yours
life knows that is an insolence
that may be somehow emotions
the absolutely perfect super flat three
room kitchen bathroom 95 square meters large
kitchen paid
they all spin
parquet and stucco and wing doors and
come on and no rubble and only
no laminate to see negative